Who are you allowed to give them the money?
Why should I pay back the money you owe?
I'm your sister, not your ATM
If you don't pay me back today
We both die together
Die yourself
You rotten gambler
If you don't pay me back
I'm going to spread rumors
Say you're a jerk who follows everyone for money
Keep your mouth clean
When your reputation is bad, even if you go to the police, the police won't believe it
I'll sell you to the red light district
It can be reduced to a tool for me to make money
Let go of me!
This Man
I can tell by the look in your eyes that he is interested in you
Listen to your brother
Take him and have the glory and wealth you can't enjoy
Mr. Zhou
Could you please do me a favor?
How to help
My brother, what he owes is illegal gambling
Could you please come forward and help me solve it?
These people
I already helped you once.
This is the second time you've begged me
Miss Xu
world
No free lunch